Data comic
Phase-0 Background

This is a fiction story about CleverCogs, a digital platform provided by Blackwood Homes and Care company to help disabled and older people. In one corner of the world stands an evil organization called ‘The league of viruses’. It’s an ancient and dangerous group.
The big boss of the League of Virus is called COVID-19. The league wants to conquer the Earth. But all former leaders like Black Death, Yellow Fever, the bubonic plague and smallpox all failed to do that.
CleverCogs, a partner of the alliance of health. It provides health service to users, and also has the function of entertaining them" The features of ‘Entertainment’, ‘My internet’, ‘YouTube’, ‘My music’ are popular in its users.

Phase-1-1 The first national lockdown

In this phase. The government arranges the first national Lockdown.
The lockdown policy that people have adopted, has prevented viruses from going on a larger scale attack. The first wave of attacks from ‘The league of viruses’ is not satisfied by the Boss. So he decides to go by himself. 
The viruses get the distribution of users and find they are all living in Scotland.So they set off for Soctland. And, at this moment, CleverCogs notice at once and start to warn users.

Phase-1-2 The first national lockdown

In this phase, the Government optimises the GP register process, CleverCogs firstly help old people to register.
Most people are staying in the house and surfing YouTube, Facebook, google and BBC.
Covid-19 thinks old people have low resistance, so he attaches on one lady’s door handle. However, a long time passed and the old LADY 5xx5 didn’t come out at all.
Comparing data from the first lockdown phase with the phase before that, ‘single player games’ have become more popular.
The ‘card matching games’ is a new feature, but it is now the most popular feature on the internet of CleverCogs.

Phase-2 Minimal lockdown

In July, the government published the minimal lockdown restrictions.
In this period, most older citizens have finished registering for the GP, it is time for younger people.
Users of CleverCogs are using less ‘entertainment’ features on CleverCogs. And, ‘My care’ become the most commonly used feature.
People start to play fewer ‘games’ on CleverCogs, especially the ‘single player games’. 
‘5XX5’ is still playing games!

Phase-3 Reimposing Restrictions 

Covid-19 studies for days and nights, read a lot of papers and find that people with arthritis are more likely to get the COVID-19. 
The feature ‘My care’ should care more about the group with arthritis, and be more useful to them.
This upgrade of ‘My care’ by CleverCogs is  very successful, resulting in the usage contribution of  users with arthritis rapidly increasing and winning first place from then.

Phase-4 second national lockdown

In the phase of second national lockdown, People with ‘cerebral palsy’ become the top contributors to covid-related activities. CleverCogs upgrade again.
Phase 5-1: reintroducing a tier system

Coming to the next phase, the tier system is reintroduced (with modifications).
The corvid-19 come back, and become stronger, renamed with Δ, it is more transmissible and life threatening.
People are searching news of me on ‘Google’!!!
CleverCogs have added a new feature of ‘CARE NOTES’! It can be seen from the data that this feature has been welcomed by users and succeeded to a certain extent! It has become the most popular feature of this period.
Phase-5-2 reintroducing a tier system

The great war between the ‘league of viruses and the Health Alliance is heating up.
In this turn, CleverCogs send more ’Responder Service’. to protect their users.
It’s a 24/ 7 support service that helps users who live in their houses to solve individual health problems.
Phase 6: third national lockdown

In the Third national lockdown, not only the oldest group, but also ‘younger peoples’ are becoming more aware of news related to the covid-19 for the first time, they click more on Covid-related features.
Phase 7: the steps out of lockdown

In the last phase, which is the phase that we are all experiencing now, younger people lost attention in covid-related features again.
The boss starts to review, intended to find other chances.
Omicron—— which is called a “variant of concern” by the WHO, has the potential to make the virus more transmissible and less susceptible to existing vaccines.
